docs: Add documentation for AI Core Clients (#36)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: README.md

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js)
[![Fosstars security rating](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/blob/fosstars/fosstars_badge.svg)](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/blob/fosstars/fosstars_report.md)

> # SAP AI SDK

Reviewer: Question to @jjtang1985, do we call it "SAP Cloud SDK for AI" here?

Reviewer: I guess I can extend this to some other sections as well like our "About" Section on the entry page, I guess making the naming clear would be helpful
( SAP Cloud SDK for AI, for Gen AI Hub, for Ai Core)

Reviewer 2: Yes, please use the official name in any prosa text and titles.

> # SAP AI SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# SAP Cloud SDK for AI
```

## Disclaimer ⚠️

This project is currently in an experimental state. All functionality and naming is subject to change. Use at your own discretion.

## Table of Contents

- [Packages](#packages)
  - [@sap-ai-sdk/ai-core](#sap-ai-sdk-ai-core)
  - [@sap-ai-sdk/gen-ai-hub](#sap-ai-sdk-gen-ai-hub)
- [Sample Project](#sample-project)
- [Support, Feedback](#support-feedback-contribution)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Links](#links)
- [License](#license)

## Packages

This project publishes multiple packages and is managed using [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/)

### @sap-ai-sdk/ai-core

This package provides tools to manage your scenarios and workflows in SAP AI Core.

- Streamline data preprocessing and model training pipelines
- Execute batch inference jobs
- Deploy inference endpoints for your trained models
- Register custom Docker registries, sync AI content from your own git repositories, and register your own object storage for training data and model artifacts

To install the SAP AI Core in your project, run:
```
$ npm install @sap-ai-sdk/ai-core
```

> 

Reviewer 3: [suggestion] Also link to the respective section's dedicated README's for usage details.

### @sap-ai-sdk/gen-ai-hub

This package incorporates generative AI into your AI activities in SAP AI Core and SAP AI Launchpad.

To install the SAP Gen AI Hub in your project, run:
```
$ npm install @sap-ai-sdk/gen-ai-hub
```

> ## SAP AI SDK Sample Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## SAP Cloud SDK for AI Sample Project
```

> We have created a sample project which demonstrates the usage of the different clients in SAP AI SDK for TypeScript/JavaScript. The [project README](./sample-code/README.md) outlines the set-up needed to build and run it locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have created a sample project demonstrating the different clients' usage of the SAP Cloud SDK for AI for TypeScript/JavaScript. The [project README](./sample-code/README.md) outlines the set-up needed to build and run it locally.
```

_Insert a short description what is required to get your project running..._

# 📚 Documentation

> - [AI Core APIs](./docs/ai-core-APIs.md)

Reviewer 4: [pp] Maybe have a section called `packages`, list the package name `@sap-ai-sdk/ai-core` and a short description of what the specific package does.

## Pre-requisites for AI Core Deployment

> - Enable the AI Core service in BTP

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [Enable the AI Core service in BTP](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/initial-setup)
```

    - [More Info](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/initial-setup)
- Create a configuration in AI Core using the `/configuration` endpoint
    - [Example Usage](./docs/ai-core-APIs.md#create-a-configuration)

> 

Reviewer 3: [pp] Consider linking the documentation to the usage of AI core client here, instead of the section above.
